Add appconfig key resource (#13118)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/app_configuration_key.html.markdown

---
subcategory: "App Configuration"
layout: "azurerm"

> page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_app_configuration"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_app_configuration_key"
```

description: |-

>   Manages an Azure App Configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Manages an Azure App Configuration Key.
```

---

# azurerm_app_configuration_key

Manages an Azure App Configuration Key.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "azurerm_resource_group" "rg" {
  name     = "example-resources"
  location = "West Europe"
}

resource "azurerm_app_configuration" "appconf" {
  name                = "appConf1"
  resource_group_name = azurerm_resource_group.rg.name
  location            = azurerm_resource_group.rg.location
}

resource "azurerm_app_configuration_key" "test" {
   configuration_store_id = azurerm_app_configuration.appconf.id
   key = "appConfKey1"
   label = "somelabel"
   value = "a test"
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `configuration_store_id` - (Required) Specifies the id of the App Configuration. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

> * `key` - (Required) The name of the key to create. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `key` - (Required) The name of the App Configuration Key to create. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
```

> * `content_type` - (Optional) The content type of the key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `content_type` - (Optional) The content type of the App Configuration Key.
```

> * `label` - (Optional) The label of the key.  Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `label` - (Optional) The label of the App Configuration Key.  Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
```

> * `value` - (Optional) The value of the key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `value` - (Optional) The value of the App Configuration Key.
```

> * `locked` - (Optional) The lock status of the key. Can be either `true` or `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `locked` - (Optional) The lock status of the App Configuration Key. Can be either `true` or `false`.
```

> * `locked` - (Optional) The lock status of the App Configuration Key. Can be either `true` or `false`.

Reviewer 2: We tend to phrase these as:

```suggestion
* `locked` - (Optional) Should this App Configuration Key be Locked to prevent changes?
```

* `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.

---
## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The App Configuration Key ID.

* `etag` - The ETag of the key.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/resources.html#timeouts) for certain actions:

> * `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the App Configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the App Configuration Key.
```

> * `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the App Configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the App Configuration  Key.
```

Author: This and the next two suggestions had an extra space before Key, so I did them out of band. Thanks for noticing it though!

Reviewer: My bad, sorry about that. Thanks for fixing!

> * `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the App Configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the App Configuration  Key.
```

> * `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the App Configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the App Configuration  Key.
```

## Import

App Configuration Keys can be imported using the `resource id`, e.g.

```shell

> terraform import azurerm_app_configuration_key.test /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourcegroups/resourceGroup1/providers/Microsoft.AppConfiguration/configurationStores/appConf1/AppConfigurationKey/appConfKey1/Label/someLabel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
terraform import azurerm_app_configuration_key.test /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourcegroups/resourceGroup1/providers/Microsoft.AppConfiguration/configurationStores/appConf1/AppConfigurationKey/appConfKey1/Label/label1
```

Author: I missed this in the initial pass, so I added it to the last commit I made.
